Create typegpu babel plugin (#804)
software-mansion/TypeGPU: packages/unplugin-typegpu/README.md

<div align="center">

# unplugin-typegpu

🚧 **Under Construction** 🚧 - [GitHub](https://github.com/software-mansion/TypeGPU/tree/main/packages/unplugin-typegpu)

</div>

> Build plugins for [TypeGPU](https://typegpu.com), transpiling JavaScript functions into WGSL at build-time.

Reviewer: Could be misinformation 😂. Maybe we can rephrase it while not going into more detail than necessary.

```suggestion
Build plugins for [TypeGPU](https://typegpu.com) that enable:
- Seamless JavaScript -> WGSL transpilation
- [🚧 TODO] Improved debugging with automatic naming of resources
```
